# Machine-Learning-in-Malaysia
Machine Learning is a wide area of Artificial Intelligence focused in design and development of an algorithm that identifies and learn patterns exist in data provided as input. AI is the catalyst for IR 4.0. This innovation will set an additional or a new approach of governing and managing organizations, particularly companies. It explores the possibility to create intelligent systems that can reason and think like human beings. It is being said to possess similar cognitive abilities as human beings and is now helping the management in making decisions about the allocation and utilization of the resources, solving operation and management problems, as well as advising the strategic development. Billions of people and countless machines will be connected to each other simultaneously and concurrently. Thus, AI will also assist in monitoring and improve those connections and interactions without human intervention to reduce human error and improve the accuracy of decisions made based on strategic analysis of big data captured. It is used as the main driver to obtain competitive advantage and sustainability of companies.  Since the innovation is still new, Malaysian companies might foresee challenges in adopting the innovation into their operations. Sooner or later, companies are forced to accept the new innovation in order to be in parallel with the technological development. An active participation from directors and management in companies can provide a strategic direction and organizational alignment to prevent innovation from failing.  With the introduction of AI and Machine Learning in the TN50, Malaysia has proven that they are ready to move their footstep into more advanced technological development focusing on wider sectors and industries. TN50 is a 30-year plan (2020-2050) that aims to emphasize economic development through advancements in technology, business processes, and innovations, using technology drivers such as robots, machine learning, and AI. With a huge potential benefit and fast evolvement of AI, the primary objectives are to determine the current diffusion stage of AI innovation in Malaysian public listed companies and assess the challenges of AI adoption within the companies.  The idea that computers would one day be able to think like a human had begun the journey of AI and Machine learning over 70 years ago. Early inventions in electronics, engineering, and many other disciplines have influenced the development of AI. The concept of intelligent machines was introduced even before the second half of 20th century and known as "Ancient History". Mechanical toys and dolls with the characteristics of mechanic behavior had been created during the time. Scientists define AI as the science of making machines that would require intelligence if done by men. AI and machine learning are concerned with the intelligent category of artifacts.   The concept of machine learning differs according to its level of intensity of intelligence. AI could be stronger or weaker in terms of its intelligence capability. With the adoption of AI innovation, the management and governance of companies will be affected. AI is a new innovation which can help companies to create its value and competitive advantage. The market competition, complexity of production process, product variety, overhead portion, and firm size are factors that can contribute to the adoption of AI innovation. The market competitions, especially the participation of multinational companies in the domestic market of a country, have implication for a local company to design appropriate strategies and control system in the company. The company size sometimes indicates how fast the company adopts the advanced management practice and usually the larger companies the faster they adopt the system. Their arguments are the larger company size lead to an increased complexity of tasks, the companies have greater access to the resource to experiment with administrative innovations.  The innovation in technology and machine has been evolving and become faster with the passage of time. In the wake of AI, regulations related to cybersecurity, emerging technology, and data theft are important to protect the interest of companies as the impact of a breach of data and security is significant and can affect their survival. It will also expose the companies to global challenges which involve societies and humankind. Thus, the legal implication of AI needs to be examined.  Governance on technology and robotics has been established in governing technologies and intelligent machines. This is an example where the legal mechanism is defined in order to mitigate the risk which AI exposes. The development of IR 4.0 exposes to unknown risks in which it is pertinent for the government to examine the impact on the relevant stakeholders in the industry especially the legal risk.  Even though AI can decide or involve in the decision making of companies, the technology is not able to replace the human knowledge and experience in order to provide more valuable decision making to the business. In the long run, the machine needs to be replaced where things change in the future or where it is no longer coping with the complex circumstances. On the other hand, a success of AI system depends on the data volumes and quality of the data input. There may be not sufficient data being provided to support the system. Due to big data supplied to companies nowadays, a huge set of structured and unstructured data need to be filtered and analyzed before they become valuable to the companies.  The ability of computers and system to analyze the data and suggest solutions or strategic changes more quickly than human is beneficial for companies. In addition, the system has the capability to learn, improve and remove a certain degree of potential error or uncertainty from the evolvement of technology. Thus, currently, Malaysian companies are looking at the option of implementing AI system in their management and operations to speed up the decision making process.
